<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">

<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/templates/PageTemplate.xhtml">

<!-- Overwrite the template's page title -->
<ui:define name="title">Cloud landscape clustering</ui:define>

<ui:define name="content">

<div id="changelog">

	<p class="title">Change Log</p>

	<p class="version"></p>	
	<ul id="new">
	</ul>
	<ul id="improved">
	</ul>
	<ul id="bugfix">
	</ul>

	<p class="version">1.5 - 5 July 2016</p>	
	<ul id="new">
	</ul>
	<ul id="improved">
		<li>Complete UI redesign using the CloudWATCH 2 design guidelines.</li>
	</ul>
	<ul id="bugfix">
	</ul>

	<p class="version">1.4.1 - 15 April 2016</p>	
	<ul id="new">
	</ul>
	<ul id="improved">
		<li>Improvements in the data management section for better distinguishing submissions.</li>
	</ul>
	<ul id="bugfix">
	</ul>

	<p class="version">1.4 - 8 April 2016</p>	
	<ul id="new">
		<li><b>Functionality - Include unvalidated responses</b><br/>
			Added an option allowing users to also include unvalidated submissions in their analyses. 
			This allows users to perform analyses straight away seeing where their activity sits, at the 
			risk of the analysis being tainted by illegitimate, silly submissions that haven't been weeded out yet.
			Since the use of the application is entirely anonymous, we cannot distinguish which submissions 
			originated from which of the current users to filter out all other, unrelated unvalidated submissions.</li>
		<li><b>Functionality - Allow custom significance thresholds</b><br/>
			By default, the application uses the Kaiser-Guttman criterion (i.e. a value of 1.0) to determine 
			which and how many of the selected characteristics should be considered significant for further 
			analysis. Some <h:outputLink target="_blank" value="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Factor_analysis#Older_methods">criticism</h:outputLink>
			argues that the Kaiser-Guttman criterion is not always applicable. We thus allow users to decide for
			themselves which threshold should be applied. The default threshold remains Kaiser-Guttman.</li>
		<li><b>Functionality - Allow option to skip projecting project scores onto significant characteristics</b><br/>
			Projecting scores onto the significant dimensions (i.e. characteristics) emphasises the variance of responses
			related to these dimensions, but dampens the variance among the non-significant dimensions. If a user's
			activity happens to be scored high in non-significant characteristics, it might be misrepresented in the
			follow-on clustering phase. Not projecting scores onto significant characteristics eliminates this underrepresentation
			at the risk of a much more scattered clustering result.</li>
	</ul>
	<ul id="improved">
	</ul>
	<ul id="bugfix">
		<li>UI - Fixed clickable link area for management links</li>
	</ul>

	<p class="version">1.3 - 6 Apr 2016</p>	
	<ul id="new">
		<li>Policy - Prominent clarification that the tool is still in beta.</li>
		<li>Policy - Added proper change log to the application. Can be reached via new version indication in each pages header.</li>
	</ul>
	<ul id="improved">
		<li>UI - Reordered user interaction buttons for better usability</li>
		<li>UI - Demoted "Manage data" and "Logout" buttons from user interaction buttons to subtle links in the left corner of the footer.</li>
	</ul>
	<ul id="bugfix">
		<li>UI - Fixed clickable link area for OeRC and UOXF logos</li>
	</ul>

	<p class="version">1.2.1 - 29 Mar 2016</p>	
	<ul id="new">
	</ul>
	<ul id="improved">
		<li>L&amp;F - Added clickable CloudWATCH logo leading to <h:outputLink target="_blank" value="http://cloudwatchhub.eu">CloudWatch Hub website</h:outputLink>.</li>
		<li>L&amp;F - Turned logos for OeRC and University of Oxford into clickable links <h:outputLink target="_blank" value="http://www.oerc.ox.ac.uk/">OeRC website</h:outputLink>.</li>
	</ul>
	<ul id="bugfix">
	</ul>

	<p class="version">1.2 - 23 Mar 2016</p>	
	<ul id="new">
	</ul>
	<ul id="improved">
		<li>Policy - Updated privacy policy. Latest version available <h:link outcome="privacy">here</h:link>.</li>
	</ul>
	<ul id="bugfix">
	</ul>

	<p class="version">1.1 - 8 Mar 2016</p>	
	<ul id="new">
		<li>Functionality - Interactive cluster analysis now allows selecting characteristics in three presets 
			(All, Essential, Common) and free selection.</li>
	</ul>
	<ul id="improved">
		<li>Policy - Updated privacy policy. Latest version available <h:link outcome="privacy">here</h:link>.</li>
	</ul>
	<ul id="bugfix">
	</ul>

	<p class="version">1.0 - 7 Mar 2016</p>	
	<ul id="new">
		<li>Functionality - First public release of the Cloud landscape clustering tool. Version numbering continues normally, 
			but the tool remains in beta state for the time being.</li>
	</ul>
	<ul id="improved">
	</ul>
	<ul id="bugfix">
	</ul>

</div>

</ui:define>

</ui:composition>

</html>
