<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">

<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/templates/PageTemplate.xhtml">

<!-- Overwrite the template's page title -->
<ui:define name="title">Cloud landscape clustering</ui:define>

<ui:define name="content">

<div class="about">
	<p>About the Cloud landscape clustering tool:</p>
	<p>The CloudWATCH project, partially funded through the EC FP7 (Contract No. 610994), ran from September 2013 to 
		October 2015. It developed a clustering methodology in order to gain insight in commonalities of European cloud 
		computing projects across the entire Cloud computing landscape.	The objective of this empirical analysis is to 
		discover distinct groups of projects that are consistent in their relationship to a set of well-defined 
		characteristics. The seed dataset for this analysis was compiled by CloudWATCH representing 38 European projects 
		and	scored against the full set of 13 NIST defining	characteristics on an interval scale.</p>
	<p>This online application builds upon this manual clustering work, offering an interactive extension to this
		initial manual clustering analysis. This web application provides the following functionality:</p>
	<ol>
		<li><b>View base data.</b><br/>
			Inspect the original scoring data as provided as part of the seed dataset, or subsequently added by other users
			and validated by CloudWATCH2 representatives.</li>
		<li><b>Cluster analysis</b><br/>
			Perform interactive cluster analysis in order to gain individual insight. Select one of the preset NIST cloud 
			computing characteristics, or configure an individual set of characteristics. Set a maximum cluster distance
			to control the size and focus of computed clusters.</li>
		<li><b>Add your scores.</b><br/>
			Enter your individual activity or project's scores to have it included in the extended base dataset. <em>Note:</em>
			Before your scores will be included in any cluster analysis, CloudWATCH2 representatives will need to validate
			the data to prevent tainting the base data set and degradation of the analysis quality.</li>
		<li><b>Manage data.</b><br/>
			This functionality is restricted to named CloudWATCH representatives empowered to access the provided data, and
			validate the entered scores.</li>
	</ol>
</div>

</ui:define>

</ui:composition>

</html>
