<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">

<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/templates/PageTemplate.xhtml">

<!-- Overwrite the template's page title -->
<ui:define name="title">Cloud landscape clustering</ui:define>

<ui:define name="content">

<div id="privacy">

	<p class="title">Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy</p>
	
	<p>The Cloud Landscape Clustering Tool (“the Tool”) has been developed by the Oxford e-Research Centre as part
		of the CloudWatch2 project. The Tool is aimed at providing an overview of the cloud landscape, based on the 
		input of users, who use a system of rating and are able to sort and view the various cloud projects according 
		to specific criteria. The main goal is to create an accessible resource for the assessment and rating of the 
		cloud projects available on the market.</p>  

	<p>According to Article 10 of the Directive 95/46/EC, this Privacy Policy describes how and when the Oxford e-Research 
		Centre (“OERC”) and its partners collect, use, and share your information when you visit 
		<a href="https://tethys.oerc.ox.ac.uk:8443/cluster/index.xhtml">https://tethys.oerc.ox.ac.uk:8443/cluster/index.xhtml</a> 
		(“the Website”) or use the related app. The services are provided by OERC, located at 7 Keble Road Oxford OX1 3QG, as the
		data controller. OERC receives your personal data through your interaction with its website or with its app. When using 
		any of our services your personal data are processed as described in this Privacy Policy. We therefore ask you to please 
		read it carefully before communicating any of your data to OERC.</p>

	<p class="section">Information you provide</p>

	<p>You may provide personally identifiable information (“personal data”) about yourself when you use our services, by 
		providing your name, surname, email address and other identifying information. OERC is the organization defining the scope 
		of the service and taking decisions regarding the processing of personal data. The main reason for the collection and 
		storage of your personal data is to enable the data controller to differentiate between the various ratings given, perform 
		statistical analysis on the data, monitor the data and interactions with the website, for troubleshooting and for security 
		and accounting reasons.</p>

	<p class="subsection">Information Collected Automatically</p>

	<p>We collect data automatically when you use our services. These data may be your name, e-mail address, the institution you are 
		part of and your postal address.</p> 

	<p class="section">Cookies and other similar technologies</p>
	
	<p>Like many websites, we use “cookie” technology, and other similar technologies such as Web beacons, to collect additional 
	website usage data and to improve our Services.</p>

	<p>Cookies may be stored on your device and be transmitted again to you when you use the services a second time. By means of 
		cookies, the websites record user actions and preferences (such as, for example, the language chosen, the character 
		dimensions, other settings concerning the layout of the Site, etc.) so as to avoid that the user has to enter them when 
		returning to the Site at a later date or when the user surfs a different page of the same Site. Cookies are therefore used 
		to log in users, monitor browsing sessions, store information relating to the users who access the Site and may contain a 
		unique identification code that makes it possible to track the user’s navigation within the Site for statistical and 
		advertising purposes.</p> 

	<p>Users may download cookies on their devices owned by sites and web servers different from the Site that they are actually 
		visiting (“third-party cookies”). Some cookies are necessary for the technical functioning of the Site; if you do not 
		accept the latter cookies, some functionalities and features of the Site may not be accessible.</p>

	<p>Different types of cookies exist, depending on their features and functions, and they may be stored on the users’ devices 
		for different timeframes: session cookies are cancelled at the end of each browsing session; persistent cookies may last 
		up to a certain date that has been pre-set by their owner.</p>

	<p>On the basis of the law applicable to cookies, user consent to the latter is not always mandatory. The user’s consent is 
		not necessary for “technical cookies”, such as cookies used exclusively with a view of carrying out the transmission of a 
		communication on an electronic communications network, or insofar as this is strictly necessary to the provider of an 
		information society service that has been explicitly requested by the contracting party or user to provide the said service.
		The latter cookies are indispensable for the proper functioning of the Site and to execute activities specifically requested
		by the users.</p>   

	<p>Amongst the <b>technical cookies</b>, that do not require an explicit prior consent by the users to be deployed, 
		see the following:</p> 

	<ul>
	<li>"cookie analytics” insofar as they are used directly by the website manager to collect aggregate information on the 
		number of visitors and the pattern of visits to the website,</li>
	<li>“browsing” or “session cookies” (to log-in to the website),</li>
	<li>“functional cookies”, which allow users to navigate as a function of certain pre-determined criteria such as language or 
		products to be purchased so as to improve the quality of service.</li>
	</ul>
	
	<p>For <b>Profiling cookies</b>, namely those aimed at creating user profiles and used to send advertising messages in line 
		with the preferences shown by the user during navigation, the user’s prior consent is necessary.</p> 

	<p class="subsection">Types of cookies used by the Site and the possibility to de-activate them</p>
	
	<p>The Site uses a session cookie ("jsessionid") identifying anonymous and named sessions (the latter, in case of logged 
		in users). Session state is entirely stored on the server and is removed when the session expires, which will be 
		triggered by closing the respective browser window or tab.</p> 

	<p>This cookie is a technical cookie, which is strictly necessary for the Site’s functioning and for providing the users 
		with a service that has been explicitly requested by them – therefore the use of this cookie does not require an 
		explicit prior consent by the users to be deployed.</p>

	<p>Although cookies may be disabled, please be aware that if you disable a technical cookie the website might not work 
		properly and some services or some of the Site’s functionalities may not be available or work properly; you could 
		be required to modify or manually fill in some information or preferences each time you visit the Site.</p>
		
	<p>The website does not use any profiling cookies, analytics cookies or third-party cookies.</p> 

	<p class="subsection">How to display and modify cookie settings via your browser</p> 

	<p>The users may select the cookies they want to enable, disable, or cancel cookies (wholly or partially) by means of the 
		tools offered by the browser used: however, please note that if you disable a technical/functional cookie, the website 
		might not work properly and some services or some of the site’s functionalities may not be available or work smoothly, 
		and you could be required to modify or manually fill in some information or preferences each time you visit the site.</p>

	<p>To know more about how to set your cookie preferences via your browser, read the guidance provided at the following links 
		(OERC does not control these third party browser sites or their instructions on enabling and disabling cookies; these 
		pages may be updated, modified or removed by the third party browser companies at their own discretion):</p>

	<ul> 
		<li><a href="http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/block-or-allow-cookies">Internet Explorer</a></li>
		<li><a href="https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences">Firefox</a></li>
		<li><a href="https://support.apple.com/kb/PH17191">Safari</a></li>
		<li><a href="https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en">Chrome</a></li>
	</ul>

	<p>To object to the use of cookies or any other technologies similar to cookies, please send an email to 
		<a href="mailto:support@oerc.ox.ac.uk">support@oerc.ox.ac.uk</a>.</p>   

	<p class="section">Third Parties</p>

	<p>OERC uses a variety of third-party services to help provide our Services, such as hosting our websites, to help us understand 
		the use of our Services, such as Google Analytics. These third-parties may collect information sent by your browser or mobile 
		device, such as cookies, your IP address, or device ID, in the way described in the previous paragraph.</p>

	<p class="section">Sharing of Information</p> 

	<p>We may share your information with the following entities:</p>  

	<p class="subsection">Affiliates and Partners.</p>
	
	<p>We may share your information with our affiliates—companies that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with, 
		OERC—as well as selected partners.</p>  

	<p class="subsection">Parties When Required by Law or as Necessary to Protect Our Services.</p>
	
	<p>There may be instances when we disclose your information to other parties in order to:</p>
	
	<ul>
	<li>protect the legal rights of OERC, its partners and affiliates, and of the users of the Services;</li>
	<li>protect the safety and security of users of the Services;</li>
	<li>prevent fraud (or for risk management purposes); or</li>
	<li>comply with or respond to the law or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity, whether or not legally 
		required.</li>
	</ul>

	<p class="subsection">Other Parties in Aggregated Form.</p>  
	
	<p>We may also share your information with third parties or disseminate them through the Cloudwatch2 website in aggregated or 
		non-personally identifiable form.</p>  

	<p class="section">Security</p>
	
	<p>We use physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard information in our possession against loss, theft and 
		unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. Please note, however, that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed 
		to be 100% secure. As a result, whilst we do strive to protect the information we maintain, we cannot ensure or warrant the 
		security of any information that you transmit to us.</p>
		
	<p class="section">Changes To This Policy</p>
	
	<p>We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your 
		information and will be located at 
		<a href="https://tethys.oerc.ox.ac.uk:8443/cluster/PrivacyPolicy.xhtml">https://tethys.oerc.ox.ac.uk:8443/cluster/PrivacyPolicy.xhtml</a>.
		We may make changes to this policy at our sole discretion. By continuing to access or use the Services after those 
		changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.</p>

	<p class="section">Exercise of users’ data protection rights</p>
	
	<p>You may contact OERC via email at <a href="mailto:support@oerc.ox.ac.uk">support@oerc.ox.ac.uk</a>, in order to assert 
		your rights namely: the confirmation of the existence of data concerning yourself and their origin and processing and 
		the purposes thereof; the cancellation, transformation into anonymous form or the blocking of data processed in violation 
		of the law; the updating, rectification or integration of data; certification that the operations have been brought to 
		the attention of those to whom the data were communicated or disseminated. You may also object at any time to the possible 
		profiling of your personal data.</p>  

	<p class="section">Questions.</p>
	
	<p>If you have any questions about this policy or your privacy on the Services, please contact us at 
		<a href="mailto:michel.drescher@oerc.ox.ac.uk">michel.drescher@oerc.ox.ac.uk</a></p>

	
</div>

</ui:define>

</ui:composition>

</html>
